[#8207] iRODS 5: Document updates for managing schema versions (main) (#319)
irods/irods_docs: docs/developers/schema_versions.md

In general, a schema version should be adjusted if and only if there's a change in the schema's definition. This is typically reserved for major releases _(e.g. upgrading from iRODS 4.2 to iRODS 4.3)_.

A _change in the schema definition_ is defined as the addition, modification, and/or removal of a JSON property or database table/column.

### iRODS 5 and later

!!! Important

>     Starting with iRODS 5, version numbers consist of three segments, _X.Y.Z_, where _X_ is the major version number, _Y_ is the minor version number, and _Z_ is the patch version number. A major version change consists of the major version number being incremented. For example, upgrading from iRODS 4.3.4 to iRODS 5.0.0 or iRODS 5.1.0 to iRODS 6.0.0.

Author: Could link to issue about versioning in iRODS.

That may be overkill.

Reviewer: I feel a little skittish about linking GitHub issues in the docs, but that's just me. I'm sure I've done it before, though. :)

Author: I haven't formed an opinion about linking to issues yet, but I get what you're saying.

I think the message is clear enough and doesn't need a whole story.

Leaving as is.

Reviewer 2: agreed - docs should be standalone with their own words i think.      there may be exceptions, but this seems a good default rule.

> The guidelines defined for iRODS 4 still apply to iRODS 5, but iRODS 5 improves upon the situation by reducing management of schema versions to two CMake variables, defined in the top-level CMakeLists.txt file. They are as follows:

Author: That's a long statement. Probably needs to be split into two statements.

Reviewer 2: i don't think the !!! important tag is necessary.  it's in the new 5 and later section... two paragraphs seem fine as is, just without being in a special box?

Author: Done.

- `IRODS_CATALOG_SCHEMA_VERSION`: This option controls the schema version of the catalog
- `IRODS_CONFIGURATION_SCHEMA_VERSION`: This option controls the schema version of the configuration files

> While iRODS 5 improves management of version numbers, the guidelines defined for iRODS 4 still apply.

Reviewer: Maybe we move this line up closer to the notice about how versioning works in iRODS 5? Does that seem weird?

Reviewer 2: top might be clearer.

Author: Updated.

!!! Important
    Starting with iRODS 5, version numbers consist of three segments, _X.Y.Z_, where _X_ is the major version number, _Y_ is the minor version number, and _Z_ is the patch version number. A major version change consists of the major version number being incremented. For example, upgrading from iRODS 4.3.4 to iRODS 5.0.0 or iRODS 5.1.0 to iRODS 6.0.0.

> The guidelines defined for iRODS 4 still apply to iRODS 5, but iRODS 5 improves upon the situation by reducing management of schema versions to two CMake variables, defined in the top-level CMakeLists.txt file. They are as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The guidelines defined for iRODS 4 still apply to iRODS 5, but iRODS 5 reduces the management of schema versions to two CMake variables, defined in the top-level CMakeLists.txt file. They are as follows:
```

Author: Done.
